Characters in gunslinger legend
You have to go through the surrounding preparations for this tribulation
Just cross the tribulation at will
You're looking for death.
Tribulation Humph
What you heard was meant for me
Easy
Fellow Daoist He Fang is here to cross the tribulation
Ah!
What the hell is going on?
The old man has never seen it in a hundred years
Ah, no.
Skyfall
It seems that I don't know my father better than Dongfang
The Dragon Riot in southern Xinjiang has been suppressed
It seems that Longjing is indeed in the southern border
Ziyang, you go to Nanjing, co-pilot
Find the master by the way
The captain will stop at nothing to ranu the dead
Dad, that Night Mountain and that wild master were shot to death